                    
**Address Use Case.**

What is an address: an address is a means of defining a locality in a concise and human understandable form. It may define a whole building (eg a house) or a part of a building (eg a flat). A domestic addresss in the UK will normally define a single dwelling, and contain:

    - name or number of dwelling;
    - if a flat, then the name or number of the building;
    - the street name;
    - the post town;
    - the postcode.

An address defines a location for the delivery of goods and services.

In some contexts it may be expanded, to include latitude and longitude pairs, or Ordnance Survey grid coordinates, such as in the definition of land parcels for title deeds (cf Land Registry).   There may also be a locality, eg the area within a city (eg Holborn, London or Clifton, Bristol), and there may be an extra road (eg Leonora Tyson Mews, Croxted Road, London). 

In Government use, the Universal Property Reference Number (UPRN) is assigned to every addressable location. This is generated by Local Authorities who have the authority to name and number every street. The Ordnance Survey assigns UPRNs to places which may not have a specific address (eg bothies in the mountains, sheds in fields / woods which are not accessible on a named road???).

"In the same way that every UK citizen has a National Insurance number, every Internet-enabled device has an IP address and every book features an ISBN number, every addressable location has a UPRN." - BTWholesale website.

The UPRN assigned to Energy Performance Certificates may not be equivalent to that assigned by the Local Authority or the OS. This is because the EPC may be lodged for a new build dwelling before a UPRN has been assigned. Depending on whether Landmark have cleaned this - updated with the LA / OS UPRN - matching and replacement may be required when the data is migrated to the new system.  Regulations for the management of the registry do not permit changes to the data once it is lodged - see Address Index page. 

Using an address is the most certain method of specifying the location / dwelling covered by a specific Energy Performance certificate. The dataset from 2016 which has been downloaded for testing contains an LMK_KEY and a BUILDING_REFERENCE_NUMBER; it is assumed that the BRN is the UPRN-equivalent assigned by Landmark. In the case of flats I would assume the BRN would cover more than one dwelling. Using these reference numbers would be a simpler, and quicker method of searching, but they are not likely to be available to Estate / Letting agents, or the general public.

In the EPC, the certificate is attached to a specific address. There may be more than one certificate per building, so provision for the name/number of the dwelling must be included (eg Flat 11, 39a, Garden Flat), as well as for the name/number of the building (eg Shire Hall, Mount Pleasant Court, etc). Understanding the structure of addressses is essential to making the searches required for this service work. Given that postcodes are now used more than neighbourhood / post town for the delivery of goods and services, 39 Pembroke Road, Clifton, Bristol, BS8 3BE can be reduced to 39 Pembroke Road, BS8 3BE without any loss in specificity.
